Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Hey. siriso's bar.
voted number-one sports bar
in all five boroughs.
By who? By everyone.
That's who. Forget about it.
Whether it's mets. jets.
or nets. we play it all.
Put a 25-cent wing in your mouth
and wash it down with
a handful of domestic draft.
You kidding me right now?
No. I'm not kidding you right now.
Located in bensonhurst. Brooklyn.
right off of bay parkway...
You know the place.
Siriso's. located next
to the emporium nightclub.
What?
What do you want me to say?
Ain't nothing to say. Right?
That's right.
And that's the way it's got to be.
you understand?
You don't say nothing
that don't concern you.
That's how you keep out of trouble.
Gio and Sofia. what are
they supposed to do now?
That's Angelo's thing.
He'll do right by them.
He'll sort everything out. Understand?
It's just so fucked.
I mean. uncle Angelo couldn't do nothing?
I thought he was boss.
Hey.
You're skating on thin
ice. my little friend.
Don't you got something
for me. anyway. huh?
Where's my taste from the chinks?
Come on. Cough it up.
Hey!
I got money on that game.
Oh. seriously.
I can't listen to them
getting beat no more.
Touch my radio again.
I'll crack your head open.
You know you're my favorite nephew.
Even though you got
terrible taste in music.
Will you look at this shit?
On my grandmother's block.
Yo. my man. those your bikes?
- Yo. fuck off.
- Hey. Believe this kid?
Whatever. Fuck him.
I got to go meet gio anyway.
Let's just go.
Hey. man. what do you suck
your mother's dick with that mouth?
- The fuck you say?
- Huh? Stop.
Don't do anything stupid.
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. man.
- Let me see some ID.
- For what? I didn't even do nothing. man.
Show me your ID. then.
Ricardo.
Now you broke my glasses.
Ricardo. just calm down.
Just calm down. Okay. okay. Fuck.
Jo
Gio.
Hey. father Kelly.
Gio. my boy.
It's good to see you. How's your mother?
She gave me this to give to you.
People. you know.
keep bringing food by the house.
and the fridge is full...
Since the funeral.
You want to tell me
what happened to your eye?
I was sitting in the cafeteria
with Vicky. eating lunch. like normal.
and these... these Russian kids
who were sitting a few tables over
starting throwing things at us.
And it hit... hit Vicky in the head
with a chicken nugget.
So I got up. Like. what the... the heck?
You know? That's it. That's all I did.
I woke up in the nurse's office.
I'm suspended.
What did your mother say?
I tried to talk to her.
All she does is lay in bed.
You have to be patient with her. gio.
Your mother.
she's going through a lot right now.
I tell you what... I'll speak to her.
I could use an extra hand around here.
Get you out of the house
while you're suspended.
You remember the bannister
you painted with your father
all those years ago?
Well. time for a touch-up.
There's gonna be lots of changes now. gio.
Revelations that you
may not like or understand.
but you will. in time.
With tragedy comes strength.
Trust that. Put your faith in our lord.
You stay strong for me.
I have mets-braves tickets...
Third base line with your name on it.
- Seriously?
- Would a priest lie?
Go on. Get out of here.
A couple of weeks ago.
gio's father was discovered
strangled to death in the
trunk of his Cadillac.
Confused and scared.
gio turned to his family.
But I was beginning
to worry that this family
and all of its traditions
would hurt the boy even further.
There he is. right there.
Today the storm will begin as snow
and change over to a rainy mix.
Hey. gio. Come over here.
How you holding up. gio?
I'm okay.
Hey. Ricardo. I'll
catch up with you later.
What'd I say about slamming the door?
All right. gio.
Say hi to your mother for me.
All right. uncle Ricardo.
Put that on.
You're gonna catch a cold.
Your mother's worried sick about you. man.
She don't need to worry
about you in a t-shirt.
- I had to get out of the house.
- Yeah? Hey.
Let me see that eye.
Marone.
- I'm okay.
- You're okay?
- I'm okay. Leo. I'm okay.
- Gio...
Jo
Leo. for real. man. I got to get home.
Hey. hey. trust me.
This will only take a minute.
Gio. listen.
those the guys that jumped you?
- No.
- Hey. hey. hey. Come here.
Come here. Come here.
I would never let anyone hurt you.
You know that. right?
Right?
Hey. um. what is it...
You remember your dog sparks. man?
That little fucking dog?
He tore up your ma's place?
You loved that dog so much.
Did you forget what your
old man said to you
if you wanted to keep the dog?
He told you. if you train
it. you can keep it.
And what did he give to you. huh?
Jo
Gave you that water gun.
Told you to shoot them in the face
every time he misbehaves.
Jo
After a while. sparks started to listen.
Yeah?
This is no different.
If you want those animals to stop.
you got to treat them the same way.
It's for their own good.
Gah. come on. Look. Look.
- I want to go home.
- I know you do. I know you do.
But this is important.
Look. your pops ain't around no more.
And I ain't always gonna
be there to protect you either.
You got to learn to look out for yourself.
No one gonna protect you
like you can. okay?
Not Angelo.
Not me. Just you.
Now go.
Just like we talked about.
Just like sparks. man. Just like sparks...
Gio.
Jo
Attaboy.
Back for more. little dago fuck?
Yeah. you fucking are back for more.
huh. you little bitch?
Jo
Oh shit. he's got a gun.
Whoa. Whoa. What?
You think you're fucking
funny-fucking funny. huh?
You think 'cause your
uncle Angelo runs this shit.
you're fucking hard?
Jo
Bitch.
Gio! Run!
J happy birthday j
j to you j
j and may all I
jd your d
jd dreams come true j
j happy birthday j
j happy birthday to you j
Jo
J blow out the candles j
Leo. Hey.
I've been trying to get ahold of you.
Those guys stopped by
and grabbed me on the street again.
- Yeah?
- Asking all these questions.
- What about?
- What do you mean what about? About you.
Did you go see uncle Angelo?
Did you talk to him?
Yo. chill.
What the fuck is going on. man?
- Let's get together and talk.
- What?
Come by Camila's. You remember?
Yeah. Yeah.
Camila. the puerto rican girl.
Yeah. I remember.
- Meet me there.
- Okay.
- You remember where it is?
- Yeah. It's a few blocks from Angelo's. right?
- Yeah. Come by.
- Okay.
We good.
Okay. yeah. I'll come by.
From there. we go to Angelo's. all right?
Is that your cousin on the phone?
Ma. I could have been naked in there.
Oh. please. Hello. Leonardo.
Ma. Ma. He hung up.
He hung up already.
You know that I had coffee
with his mother yesterday.
and she told me that Leonardo
has not gone to see her yet.
Yeah. well. he's going
through a lot right now.
Oh. is that right?
Look. what do you think. ma?
He's not gonna go see his own mother?
Just give him a minute. okay?
I don't know. I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
Look at me. Look at me.
Okay.
- I look good. right?
- Yeah. yeah. that's it.
Jo
What business does he have
getting mixed up with drugs?
Look. uncle Ricardo said he's
gonna take care of everything.
Okay?
Everything's gonna be fine. He promised.
Uncle Ricardo.
Well. he might be a cop.
That doesn't mean he's a good one.
Leonardo has been a Saint to this family
ever since we lost your father.
More than my own brother. that's for sure.
But what's going on out there...
The cops. the drugs...
Giovanni. listen to me.
This never ends well. Okay. ma.
You got to calm down.
You're gonna give us both a heart attack.
- I'm calm. I'm calm.
- Okay. good. Good.
Deep breaths. remember? - Calm.
Deep breaths.
I got something for you.
Yeah. okay.
J to you j
Jo
J happy birthday j
Oh.
When you were little. your father
would always do the tie for you.
And I would say to him.
"Sam. teach him. He wants to learn."
But he wouldn't hear me.
He would say.
"Sofia. sweetheart...
"I don't want to teach him...
'Cause then he won't need me."
Jo
Mm.
Your father loved dancing to this song.
And when he proposed...
Yeah. when he
asked you to marry him. he...
And when he pulled you back up.
the ring was already on your finger.
Yep.
Well...
Oh. I know you heard
the story a billion times.
but it does make me happy remembering it...
Especially today.
Yeah. me too. ma.
Gio.
I was going through this old photo box.
looking for some baby pictures
for your cousin Marie's wedding.
And. um...
I found these at the bottom of the box.
Your father bought them for you
right before we lost him.
He had them made in Miami.
when he was down there
with your uncle Angelo.
But. uh...
He never had the chance
to give them to you.
So...
Merry Christmas. son.
Jo
Hey.
Maybe you want to come tonight.
you know. maybe towards
the end. just for a little bit.
just to say hi to the family.
I don't know.
It's the ten-year. ma.
Jo
It's uncle Angelo. I got to take this.
I love you so much.
Hey. uncle Angelo.
Yeah. I'm here. I'm here.
What? Yeah. okay.
Jesus Christ. Hold on.
I'll take care of it. Bye.
Butter.
He needs butter to make the gravy. I guess.
You know. wants me to hurry up.
- Butter. huh?
- Yeah.
Okay. Shit.
Language.
Sorry.
All right.
How do I look?
You gonna be okay tonight?
Yeah. I'll be just fine.
Okay. All right. I love you. Bye.
Hey. Don't forget to go to church
and light a candle for your father. okay?
Ma. I'll just go with you
in the morning. all right?
I don't have much time. No. gio.
You have to go tonight
and light the candle.
And say hi to father Kelly.
And don't forget the cake.
Okay. Got it.
Huh?
You don't have to do this anymore. ma.
I don't make it for them.
I make it for your father.
Yeah.
And you make me carry it.
It's embarrassing.
I'm not a kid anymore. you know.
You're embarrassed by a cake?
Get out of here.
- Hey.
- Hey. gio. You look handsome.
Oh. thanks. Bye.
Have a good night.
Jo
What the fuck?
Hey. listen. we need to talk.
Have you lost your fucking mind?
You know where the fuck you are?
Jo
Come on. man.
Yo. gio. Where you going?
Where's your cousin?
Yeah. Where is Leo?
Some shit's happening.
Then fucking call him. I don't know.
- Cut the bullshit.
- Come on.
You and I both know
your cousin's been paying
for you and your mother's rent
for years now with dirty money.
- No.
- So if I were you.
I'd be very careful about
how you talk to us right now.
I promise you. I will lock
both you and your mommy up in prison.
You want your mom to go to prison?
Oh. you scumbag.
Just tell me. where the fuck is Leo?
I don't know where he's at. okay?
I haven't seen him since he got out. okay?
- Hold on. Let me take this with me.
- Hey. Hey.
Hey. Hey. Agent p. What do you think?
Think the young man is
being honest with us?
Who the fuck is this guy?
I'm your friend.
Jo
Who is that?
That your friend. too?
You recognize that car?
- I got to go.
- Who's in that car?
- I don't know.
- Hey.
Hold on. I'll tell you who I think it was.
I think it was your uncle
Angelo's guys. Huh?
Gio. Gio.
It's time to make some right decisions.
How do you know your cousin
hasn't already flipped?
A tough guy like Leo...
We made him flip for. what. five kilos?
What do you think we can make you flip for?
Maybe protect your mother?
Hey. Use your head.
You don't think Angelo knows that?
Jo
If we don't hear from your cousin
by tonight. it's not good.
Okay.
I'm gonna call you.
Just please don't come back here.
Be smart. gio.
Jo
Leo. Leo. those FBI guys
just showed up at my place.
Man. they threatened my fucking mom.
Listen. if those feds had anything.
you'd be in cuffs right now.
All right. Fuck.
Look. just... you got to tell
uncle Angelo. all right?
You got... you got to let him help you.
- Don't tell Angelo nothing.
- Yeah. Right.
Look. I won't say nothing.
Okay. just please be at
Camila's place. okay?
So we can figure this out.
They're cops.
They're fucking with you. Yeah.
- Trust me.
- I trust you.
- Don't say nothing.
- Okay. I trust you.
I'll see you tonight.
And pick me up some smokes.
Jo
Last month Leo was pulled over in Jersey.
and the police found
five kilos of heroin in his trunk.
The FBI picked up the case.
and soon after. Leo was released.
whereupon he disappeared
almost immediately.
He asked gio to buy him
some time to figure things out.
But gio knew he couldn't
protect his cousin for much longer.
- I can't take this!
- Yes. you fucking can!
- What am I supposed to do with this?
- What do you mean?
- It's worthless.
- Yeah. fuck you!
- Hey. Hey!
- Fuck that.
I mean. fuck that shit!
Get the fuck out!
- No. fuck you. bitch!
- Get the fuck out!
- Fuck you!
- What the fuck?
And what the fuck are you looking at?
Huh? Pussy. Pussy!
- Get the fuck out.
- You ain't finna do shit!
Jo
- Crazy.
- Hey. can I get some parliament lights?
And you guys got butter?
- It's in the back.
- Let me get a lighter. too.
Just give me 20. It's fine.
Yellow.
Hey. flacko. How you doing. man?
You pass me one of those butters?
Hey. yo. flacko. Will you pass me a butter?
They melted. The fridge is broke.
What do you mean?
What. they all melted? All of them?
Whoa. man. what happened to your face?
- What happened?
- Yeah.
- I don't know. I thought Angelo...
- No. listen.
Your uncle has been running shit
out the back my whole life.
and this is what I get?
I thought he was supposed to be
looking out. Look at my face. bro.
Sorry. man.
These fucking too-tight-
t-shirt-wearing Russians
came down here from Brighton beach
to break my dad's refrigerator
and break my fucking face.
'cause we don't want to sell?
It's not even the fucking Russians no more.
You got the fucking hasids
coming down here from crown heights.
who mad 'cause
we don't want to sell their flowers.
Fuck those hasids. And you know what?
Fuck those weed-smoking
dreadlock-ass Jamaicans from flatbush.
who mad 'cause we don't want
to sell their fresh produce.
Ain't nobody trying to buy no jackfruit
or incense up in here.
Fuck them. man! Fuck them!
Hey. man. I'm sorry.
- Look. I didn't know. man.
- No.
You know what. gio? Fuck you.
Nah. b. you ain't getting no fucking
butter. Get the fuck out of here.
Look. flacko.
I'll go talk to Angelo right now.
Your family's fucking up.
Get out.
Jo
Yo. my guy.
You got any kombucha?
We don't carry no fucking kam-buchal
"Just chill"?
"Relax"?
Okay. Leo.
Jo
Oh. peeno. Let me pay you. Here. take it.
- I can't take that.
- Don't let her pay.
Let me. Take it. Take it. I want to...
- Bitch. you're not paying.
- Take it. Let me pay you.
She is not... you're not paying.
- I told her that.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Stop it.
Give me that.
Marie. go. Go.
Congratulations. Have a good night.
My husband's gonna pick up this bill.
- Are you sure?
- Yes.
Angelo has got this.
Please thank Angelo for me.
- Of course. baby.
- Bye. peeno.
- Good night.
- Come on. let's go.
- Congratulations.
- Come with us.
- Here. here. I'll take you to the car.
Jo
Aunt Emma?
Hey. - Gio.
- Hey. what's going on?
- Oh. my god. you're so handsome.
- Oh. thanks.
- Oh. it's been too long.
You can't leave this shit here.
How are you?
- I'm good. I'm good.
- How's your mom?
It's the cake.
- Yeah.
- Oh. my goodness.
Angelo's looks so forward
to this every single year.
One dick to go. please.
Please tell Sofia I miss her.
= 1 will. I will.
We all miss her.
Hey. what's going on tonight?
What are you guys...
Well. it's a bit of a bachelorette party.
Hey. Good. How are you?
Good to see you.
Yeah. - You got to promise me.
Uncle bootsy. no. I can't take it.
You can't have him drink.
Okay. All right.
- You know he's crazy.
- I know.
I know. He's a maniac.
- He's a lunatic.
- I know.
- Drives me crazy.
- Yeah. Okay. I'll watch him.
- I love you.
- I love you. too.
All right. Bye. guys.
- Please send Sofia my love.
- Okay. aunt Emma. I will.
- We miss you.
- I will. Miss you. too.
- Bye-bye.
- Bye. Marie.
Have fun. Congratulations.
- Hi. gio.
- See you.
Good night. ladies.
Hey. man. How you doing?
What's going on?
I'm good. man.
Good. I'm working. It's
the same shit. you know.
They working you overtime?
You look a little stressed. man.
You look like Frankie valli.
What's with the fucking suit?
Hey. Hey.
I'm going over to my uncle's.
Got a family thing.
- Angelo's?
- Yeah.
Fuck. gio.
You know this spot.
This is where...
This is where
Angelo got shot in the throat.
I know. That's crazy.
- Hey. Pam.
- Are you fucking kidding me?
Did they fucking leave?
Pam. you know you can't
have that out here.
Come on. Come on. Give it to me.
Give it to me. please.
- Fuck you. peeno.
- Thank you.
- Hey. Pam. you got a...
- Fucking bitches left me?
- Thing on your shoe.
- Taxi!
Hey. brother. Hang on. Hang on.
Yeah. man. Hey. peeno. I got to...
Hang on a second. Come here.
What's up?
Don't look. but these
two guys in the front.
these two puerto rican guys
at the bar. you see them?
- Yeah.
- You know them?
No. No. Why?
They've been posted up at the bar all
day. I've been serving them drinks.
I think... I think I heard them
say something about Leo.
Leo? What? What were they saying?
I don't know.
My Spanish isn't shit.
But it didn't sound like
regular homey shit. you know.
I think something might be up.
Yeah. well. you know.
Leo's been hanging out
with that puerto rican girl. Camila.
So I'm sure it's just... like. her
ex-boyfriend's crazy and shit. you know.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Camila?
Yeah.
They've been hanging out for a while now.
Well. I guess who gives a fuck. right?
- Yeah. It's all good.
- I should get back to work.
All right. man.
Good to see you. Take care.
Jo
Hey. Yo. Gio.
Hey. lock the door behind you. yeah?
Yeah.
Tommy. how you doing?
Hey. man. nice to see you.
- Hey. Diane.
- Hey. gio.
I didn't know you were coming in tonight.
Yeah.
Relax. You don't want to lose count.
Hey. miss tucci. you
got a winner tonight?
- Oops. Guess I lost count.
- Oh. yeah. I bet you did.
Hey. why don't you let gio do it?
He's good with money.
Hey. speaking of.
isn't it hanukkah or some shit?
I didn't know you was Jewish. gio.
Yeah. well. technically. no.
I mean. my old man was.
All right. quit fucking distracting her.
We're gonna be here all night.
I saw your cousin Marie
with Lee and Claire last night.
Them girls looked lit up
like a fucking Christmas tree.
Yeah. that makes sense.
You know. I know
I've said it a million times.
but I can't stand
your fucking uncle Angelo.
What a fucking prick. man.
Yeah. what'd he do this time?
Well. I come over to say hi.
you know. like normal. out of respect.
I sit down with him for a few.
and then every fucking time
I say something. he either doesn't
say nothing back. or he cuts me off.
He doesn't look at me. not even once.
When he brings shots back to the table.
he acts like he miscounted.
He's just busting your balls.
He don't mean nothing by it.
Yeah. whatever. man. He's corny.
all right? And I don't trust him.
I got my reasons. Trust me.
Yeah. why you always say that?
Come on. gio. even your mother doesn't
fuck with him. and that's her brother.
Jo
- Hey. Tommy.
- Yo.
You ever feel like...
I don't know. like the right thing
and the wrong thing
are the same sometimes?
Like there's no difference?
- Every fucking day.
- You do?
Sure. Why not?
It's like every time I
screw around on Tracey.
I feel bad. you know?
Like it feels like the right thing
at the time. but I know it's wrong.
Jesus. Tommy. that's your wife.
All right. relax. father Kelly. I already
got him breathing down my neck
every time I run into him.
- Have a great night.
- Why you asking. anyway?
No. these FBI guys just
stopped me on the street. asking about Leo.
What? You didn't talk to them. did you?
No. I mean. I spoke to them.
but I didn't say nothing.
All right. No. No. No.
I don't want to know
anything about that shit.
all right. gio? Fuck.
I'm not trying to get you involved or anything.
I'm just saying. I don't know what to do.
What a fucking moron.
What the fuck was Leo doing
moving dope for those puerto ricans anyway?
I mean. when he got busted.
didn't he lose mad weight for those guys?
How the fuck's he gonna pay them back?
Everything's fucked up right now. man.
Listen. if I was you.
I wouldn't repeat anything
you said about the feds to anyone.
All right? No one.
Especially not your uncle Angelo.
Jo
- Hey.
- You want to kill these?
- Oh. no.
my throat would close up. I can't eat that.
- You allergic to chocolate?
- Yeah. Yeah. No. it sucks. right?
- Seriously.
- I'm cursed or something.
You want me to box that up for you?
Yeah. you know. why not?
- It someone's birthday?
- Yeah.
Jesus. next week.
Just box the fucking cake. Diane.
- It was my dad's birthday.
- Oh. nice.
Tell him I said happy birthday.
Jesus. Diane. will you shut the fuck up?
He's dead. all right?
- Fuck.
Hey. how many times
I got to tell you not to do that shit?
Jo
Oh. shit.
Sacred heart reunion.
What's up. Tracey?
- Hey. girl.
- Hey. what's up? How are you?
- I got this.
- Yeah? Thanks.
- Dude. gio. how have you been?
- I'm all right. Yeah.
Hanging in there. How are you?
How was Teresa's last night?
- No. I wasn't at Teresa's.
- Oh. yeah. No. my bad.
I thought maybe my cousin Marie
said she saw you there.
Oh. wait. it's her
bachelorette tonight. right?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
God. I haven't seen that girl in forever.
How is she?
You know. I think she's okay.
She's probably drunk as fuck right now.
Yeah. you know what?
I wanted to go out last night.
But Tommy got too stoned and passed out.
Well. that weed he smokes
is no joke. you know?
It'll put him in a coma.
Coma or not. we are going out tonight.
or your bff can find another girl.
Oh. yeah? Who you gonna date?
You should see the people
she hangs out with. gio.
What the fuck does that mean?
All huddle up outside
of the supreme store?
Still living with their mas?
No offense. gio.
Wow. the hating.
God. I swear you secretly hate everyone.
No. No. No. It's not a secret. I do.
I hate everybody. I hate...
Even gio. I hate.
What. me? Fuck. Tommy.
- Here you go. gio.
- Oh. wow. Thank you.
Little bow and everything. Appreciate it.
All right. guys. I got to get going.
- All right.
- I'm babysitting. Double duty.
But I'll see you around. gio.
All right. yeah. see you around.
Hey. you know what?
I'm gonna walk you out.
- Hey. bye. Diane.
- Bye.
You need help with this?
Just get the fuck out of here.
Sorry that Tommy's such
a dick all the time.
I don't know why I put up with him.
'Cause it's Tommy. and you love him.
And. you know. it doesn't hurt
that he's best friends with gio.
You like him?
You know. maybe.
- Slut.
- Whatever.
Jo
What the fuck was that?
I don't know. but it was creepy.
Okay. I got to go. It's freezing.
Bye. babe.
Hey. uh. hey. Diane.
Hey. can I ask you something?
Yeah.
I was just wondering
if maybe you want to get a drink with me.
like. next weekend or something?
- Yeah. I'd like that.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Okay. Cool.
- I'll see you then.
- All right. good night. Yeah.
Both: Bye.
- Get home safe. yeah?
Man. gio.
What's going on with you?
You want to get a drink?
Nah. I got to go to my uncle's.
Whoa. Whoa. Hey.
I don't know if you know this.
but we actually had class together
the year you lost your pops.
Yeah. we did?
Yeah. We didn't know each other.
But I don't know.
I would stare at you in class.
and I thought that you would just shatter
into a million pieces. and you didn't.
That's weird. I don't remember that.
Well. I hope you have a good night.
- Thanks. trace.
- Yo. we got to go!
- Tommy!
- Let's go. let's go. let's go.
- What the fuck? Oh. my god.
- Hey. you coming?
- No. I'm just gonna walk.
- No. come on.
You're going to your uncle's. right?
It's on the way.
- Nah. it's fine. man.
- No. come on.
- You sure?
- Yeah. Yeah.
Hey. yo. my man. my man. we're
gonna make two stops now. all right?
He's gonna hop out
a couple blocks before us.
Okay. you got it.
Yeah. ['ll tell you where to go. Thanks.
Tommy. slow down. We have all night.
Yo. guys. Diane and I
just saw some sketchy-ass
puerto rican dudes drive by the bakery.
I don't know. they were staring
at you guys. It was really weird.
- Are you serious?
- By the bakery?
Yo. fuck that. gio. man.
Don't bring me into your fucking drama.
I don't need that shit.
- I didn't do anything.
- All right. does someone
want to tell me what the fuck
you guys are talking about?
Yeah. real talk. gio. people are talking.
Man. your cousin really
fucked up this time.
What do you mean?
W-who's talking? What people?
People. man. that's who.
People are fucking talking.
Your uncle Angelo's getting pissed off.
and now the fucking
puerto ricans are involved?
- Yo. my man.
- Yeah.
Not for nothing. but I'm puerto rican.
and I'm proud. okay?
So what. man? Who asked you?
You want a fucking cookie?
- A fucking cookie?
- Chill. Tommy. chill out.
You're so fucking intense.
Man. fuck this bullshit. man.
I'm trying to get fucked up.
- You're an animal. you know that?
- Mm-hmm.
Hey. I'm just gonna hop
out right here. okay?
Yeah. you do that. Thank you.
- Later. trace.
- Good to see you.
- See you later. Tommy.
- Yeah. whatever.
Thank you.
What the fuck's your problem?
What's all this shit
about "people are talking"?
Huh? How do you know?
'Cause I fucking know.
'Cause I'm not fucking blind.
Oh.
It's 'cause you hang out at siriso's.
That's why.
So what?
I can't hang out at siriso's now?
Yeah. I don't want you
hanging out with fucking mobsters.
Mobsters?
I'm not the one you got to worry about.
Gio's the one that's getting
all mixed up in this shit
with his stupid-ass cousin.
Gio's not the type. You know what?
If he is in trouble. you're
not fucking helping.
Don't twist shit. all right?
If you would be
straight up with him for once.
maybe he'd have a grip on shit.
Yo. so it's my fault?
It's my fault that he's a fucking idiot?
No. you're the fucking idiot.
God. it's all your fault.
Honestly. is he the only person
in this entire neighborhood
that doesn't know what
the fuck happened to his dad?
It's like I said. all right?
It's not my problem.
I'm his friend. all right?
Not his fucking guardian angel.
It's the real fucking world. Tracey. Jesus.
- God. you're a fucking child. you know that?
- Fuck you.
Suck my dick. dude. I fucking hate you.
- Hey. uh. guys.
- Do another line.
Guy. guys. guys. I got this great book.
- Huh?
- It's "30 lessons for loving."
Check it out. It saved my marriage.
February makes 28 years I'm married.
- Do another fucking line.
- What the fuck?
Hey. Hey.
Let's take it easy. guys. Come on.
You guys hungry?
- What?
- Seriously?
No. I'm just saying. in the book.
there's a great chapter that says
don't get into a fight if you're hungry.
Before you say something nasty
to each other.
like. put something yummy in your mouth.
Yo. man. just pull over
here. all right? I'm good.
- Oh. yeah? Yeah? You're gonna leave?
- Yo. my man... all right. I mean. look...
- Yo. it's fine.
- Look. I know my wife says...
- Unlock the fucking door.
- Really?
Go fuck your whores!
What is that shit?
That's gonna be your
ex-husband real soon.
Where you going? Where you going?
You want me to take you
to the police station or something?
Do you feel safe?
Yo. Yo. Kick his ass.
That's what I would do.
Kick his fucking ass.
Ooh.
That song gives me the chills.
Hey. cool cats. how you doing out there?
What's going on? Talk to me.
I haven't seen this city
this stressed since 9/11.
Mmm.
These are scary. desperate times. folks.
So give me a call.
Let's start the conversation.
I'm with it. I'm feeling you.
Phone lines are open all night.
Hope you're being safe...
Yo! What the fuck. bro?
Hey. I'm sorry. man. I forgot my cake.
No shit. you forgot your fucking cake.
That's a good fucking cake. man.
I'd be lying to you if I didn't tell you
I was about to destroy that shit.
Would have messed up my night
and your night. but we good.
All right. Thanks. Hey. sorry.
Homegrown. baby.
- Nah. I'm all right.
- Sure?
- Yeah. Have a great night.
- Okay.
Take care. vito corleone.
Brooklyn. Bronx. queens. Manhattan.
staten island. junkies. hookers. pimps.
hustlers. cops. robbers. and superheroes.
You don't know what I'm talking about.
then you don't know this city.
This one is for all of you walking those
streets. keeping the dream alive.
Jo
Hey. How are you?
They having a fucking party in there?
No. I don't think so.
I don't think he can hear me.
Cops were just here.
- What?
- Yeah.
I can spot an undercover from a mile away.
I know that bitch is out of town.
and she can't be airbnb-ing this shit out
to a bunch of hood rats or whatever.
You tell them that. All right?
I don't need no cops up in my business.
Yeah. okay. I'll tell her.
It's open. Sorry.
Yeah. turn it fucking down in there!
Show some class!
Leo!
Jo
Leo. you upstairs?
Leo.
Neighbor's about to call
the cops on your dumb ass.
Hey. buddy. How are you? Hi.
Leo.
Leo. where you at? You downstairs?
Yo. man. where the fuck is he?
He's here. man. He's here. I promise.
Shut that fucking dog up.
Video game's on.
Jo
See that? I told you. he's here. all right?
Okay. Well. let's keep searching. man.
Hey. Leo.
Where is he?
He probably just stepped out
to get something to eat.
I don't know. man. but.
look. I did what you asked.
I brought you to Leo.
Can we... can we... can we settle up?
Jo
- You want to settle?
- Yeah.
This clown wants to settle.
Yeah. it's funny. right?
Yeah. let's settle. Let's settle.
Okay. Yeah. See that?
Jo
All right.
Papa. settle it.
You want to settle up. papito?
Here. this is for you. all right?
Toma.
Jo
It's all you. papa. All for you.
Yo. you guys aren't
gonna hurt him. right?
Man. do we look like
we hurt people. my brother?
Yo. look at me. We're businessmen.
Jo
You know that me and
Leo go way back. right?
He's a good guy. You're gonna see that.
He...
Look. man. I'm just about peace
and love. you know what I mean?
Peace and love. We were 12 years old.
We're talking about bridging the gap
between the neighborhoods.
you know what I mean?
- Yeah.
- So you guys got what you need. all right?
Where you going. my man?
Back here.
Jo
Bro. Bro. Bro.
Where the fuck is Leo? Enough games. yo.
Shut that fucking dog up.
Please. You don't need to do this.
Shh. Shut the fuck up.
Fuck. man!
Jo
Gio knew peeno
was no stranger to trouble.
He'd had a gun pulled on him
once or twice before at the bar.
But why would he sell Leo out like that?
For what? Drugs?
The neighborhood had changed so much.
Gio knew the people
who were looking for Leo
weren't gonna stop until they found him.
And he couldn't go to Angelo for help.
He had to find his cousin.
- Whoa. Slow down.
- Hey. You seen Leo in here? My cousin?
- Who?
- Leo. Leo.
He just texted me. said he was in here.
I don't know.
Jo
Hey.
Hey. Excuse me. Hey.
Is Leo in here? Did you see him?
- Yeah.
- Yeah? Thank you so much.
Jo
Gio. What the hell
are you doing here. huh?
Look at this. Look who I found. It's gio.
- Hey. uncle Tony.
- This is perfect.
We was headed over to Angelo's.
You're gonna come with us. right?
Yeah. Yeah. The cake.
He brought the cake.
Marone. your mother. What a cook.
I look forward to this cake every year.
Don't let him touch the cake.
He'll eat the thing before we get there.
What are you doing?
Gonna grab the wine?
What wine?
They got cases of wine at the house.
It's a nice gesture.
You know what. guys?
Hey. I forgot the butter.
So I'm just gonna meet you guys there.
What are you talking about?
Forget about the butter.
You don't need the butter.
How'd you get here?
Where you coming from?
You walked all this way from your ma's?
Yeah. I was just buying
some smokes. you know?
What about... what about Leo. your cousin?
I mean. is he here? Is he around?
You talk to him? Where is this kid?
You would think a day like this.
he should be with you.
Yeah. I don't know. I haven't seen him.
How are you doing? You all right?
Jo
You don't talk much. do you. kid?
It's been a long day. uncle Tony.
Yeah. Yeah. I get it. I understand.
Jo
Oh. my god. look at this. Look at this.
Monica. Monica!
You don't ever call me? You like that?
Hey. stugots! Let's go!
Get down from there!
Right here. Right here.
What. you got a problem?
You got a fucking problem? Huh?
Go get him down.
She's fucking too good for me.
What? What the fuck?
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Monica.
- Let's go.
- I'm sorry. you fucking drunk.
Hey. don't talk to the customers.
Come on. Come on.
I got to tell you something.
Don't you ever fucking
tell me what to do. you fucking mutt!
Don't fucking talk to me.
I'm leaving. all right?
I'm leaving. Get the fuck away from me.
I'll call you later. baby.
What's wrong with you? Come on. kid.
Appreciate it. Thank you.
Jo
Angelo.
Hey. ang.
Jo
Hey.
- Hey. guys.
- Hey.
You got a bottle of wine. huh?
- I did.
- What'd you pay... 20 bucks for that?
No. No. No. It's a good one.
Please tell me. you made the meatballs?
Yeah. I did all the cooking here.
Oh. The cake. huh?
- Yeah.
- Your mother. she never disappoints.
Right. ang?
Now. that's a good woman. your mother.
Yeah. she is.
- The butter.
- You know what?
Yeah. the bodega was having some problems.
I can go get some right now.
Don't worry about it.
Your fat uncle bootsy
brought enough
for the entire neighborhood.
- You sure? It's two seconds.
- Yeah.
What's the matter with this kid?
He's pale as a ghost.
It's just been a long day. that's all.
Yeah. Well. good thing
your father's not around.
'cause you smell like an ashtray.
Yeah.
Hey. ciao a tutti.
- Hey. kid.
- Happy holidays. gio.
Yeah.
You know. when Angelo was on the inside.
your old man would send him
all these art books. you know?
Let his mind escape.
He got that one at an auction
just a couple of weeks ago.
Hell of an investment. you ask me.
Yeah. Yeah. it's pretty
good. uncle Angelo.
Pretty good? Forget about it.
It's a fucking masterpiece.
Look at the water. the way
it's flowing down there in the canal
and everything like that... I don't know.
Makes me want to go back to Italy.
Come on. Where's he going?
Let's go say hello to your uncle carmine.
- Yeah. how's he doing?
- He's doing good.
Hey. uncle carmine.
How you doing?
It's me. gio.
It's been a while. huh?
Good to see you. all right?
Happy holidays. huh?
She's fresh off the boat.
She got the warpaint on and everything.
- Oh. really?
- Yeah.
You might as well wear a headdress.
They don't wear headdresses.
Those are the fucking Indians.
- Salut.
- Oh.
Salut.
Shakedown today?
- Need a drink.
- You came to drink?
- Have another drink.
- Fucking lush. this guy.
Yeah. but no one fucks
with your brothers.
Understand?
- Hey. Hey.
- What's up?
- Hey. you burning something?
- How are you. dude?
Hey. Look who decided to show up.
- Hey.
Hey.
Where you coming from?
- Just saying hi to uncle carmine.
- No. before that.
I just stopped by the bakery quick.
said hey to Tommy.
Oh.
No Leo this year?
Yeah. I guess not.
What. you haven't spoken to him?
You guys are like two peas in a pod.
Eh...
We've been celebrating your father
every year for ten years on this day.
All of a sudden. he's missing.
and you ain't worried?
Who said he was missing?
I mean. I-l don't know where he is.
if that's what you're asking me.
Well. why don't you give him a call.
ask to come?
- Want me to call him?
- Well. he might have forgotten the date.
Call him up.
I would. but I lost my phone tonight.
When?
Just earlier tonight. A couple hours ago.
Where?
Well. if I knew where I lost my phone.
it wouldn't be lost. would it?
Use mine.
You serious?
- Yeah. Call.
- Okay.
- Fucking call him.
- Fine.
I'll call him.
Jo
Please leave your message for 64...
I don't know. It went to voice mail.
What a fucking piece of work.
this cousin of yours. not
honoring his family.
What?
What? He knows I'm fucking with him.
Right. gio?
He knows I'm fucking... what?
What are you looking at him for?
You know I'm fucking with you. right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah? Yeah?
I think he said "yeah." but it sounded like
he was getting fingered by his girlfriend.
I'm not a kid anymore. all right?
You can't talk to me like that.
What's that?
Have some respect. okay?
Jo
Go fuck yourself. huh? - Whoa.
You take that?
All: Whoa!
What the fuck?
What?
What. like he's never seen a gun before?
You've seen a gun before. right?
No fucking guns in this house.
And that means you. too.
Don't give me this "I'm a cop bullshit.
- I'm just having a little fun.
- Oh. yeah?
- Yeah.
- Fun?
This looks like a fucking
nightclub to you? Huh?
Anybody else bring a gun?
How many times Angelo's
got to say something before you listen?
Tonight's about family. Please.
All right. All right. All right.
Jo
- Come on!
- Fucking maniac.
Jo
Sometimes you think you lost your phone.
and it's right in your pocket
the whole fucking time.
Happens all the time.
Are you happy now? Huh?
You drunk fucking cock-sucking cop.
Don't you have someplace to be.
like maybe on duty or something?
This is who we hire to protect us.
Motherfucking crooked-cop motherfucker.
Fuck him. Fuck him!
Jo
Fucking ruined our night.
It's fine. Don't worry about it. Come on.
- You all right?
- Yeah. I'm good.
The whole fucking thing...
You only see her eyes.
What do they call that?
It's the durka? Durka?
- A burka.
- Burka or durka?
- It's a burka. You fucking idiot.
- I don't know.
Fuck. I don't know. burka. durka.
This guy's worldly.
- All right.
- I'll see you there.
You're paying. right?
You know what?
I got to tell you something.
I saw that broad
you were with the other night.
and everybody kept asking me...
It was highly questionable.
Yeah. they wanted to know
if it was a broad or not.
What's up with your girls?
They all got fake asses.
Not. they don't. No. they don't.
- Oh. I forgot.
- Yours was questionable.
Hey. Tony. That's the kid over there.
- Hey. Hey. gio.
- Yeah.
Come on over here. Sit down.
How you doing?
- Good.
- How's your ma?
She still working at that pharmacy?
- Yeah. Yeah. She's good. She's still there.
- Good.
You know. your father.
he was a real shark.
Could never read him.
No matter how sharp you thought you was.
- Come on. I'm always winning. baby.
- No. you ain't.
You know. when I say
your pops was a shark.
I ain't talking about cards.
Okay.
See. the difference
between you and your old man...
He was good here.
You. gio. you're good here.
Sometimes you only get
dealt one or the other.
This or this.
You got to learn the other. gio.
Otherwise. it's gonna get you in trouble.
Capisce?
Yeah. Yeah. I get it.
All right.
- Hey. fellas.
- Hey.
- Hey. look who it is.
- Hey. Happy holidays.
Hey. what'd they get you
some phonebooks to sit on?
You're a regular fucking Don rickles.
Except a lot uglier.
Hey. go in the kitchen.
Get something to eat.
What's up. kid?
- Hey.
- Enjoy the sausage. gentlemen.
You remember. you eat the sausage. okay?
Who are those guys?
Don't worry about them.
They're nothing. They're nobody.
Hey. don't worry about them. all right?
Okay.
- All right. what do we got?
- I'm taking all this money.
You ain't taking shit.
Give me the cards. Let me deal it out.
This guy ruined the whole hand. Let's go.
Hey. uncle Angelo.
I noticed it's only guys tonight.
Am I missing something?
I thought we told you.
- Told me what?
- You know. your cousin Marie.
she's having that
bachelorette party tonight.
So we decided to make it a boys' night.
What's the matter?
Hey. ang. he don't trust us.
He don't think we can cook or something.
No. No. it's fine. Of course.
Yeah. boys' night. Hey.
Jo
Talk to them.
Come here.
Here. sit down. - Okay.
What's going on?
Yeah. Of course.
I think so.
Jo
No.
I've been trying to get ahold of him.
I can't get ahold of him.
Yeah. well. he hasn't
even called his own mother.
And we're worried about him. That's all.
I mean. when was the last time
you two saw each other?
I don't know. it's been a while...
I didn't ask you how long it's been.
I asked you when you seen him last.
I've been trying to get ahold of them.
I don't know. I want to help him.
- You want to help him?
- Yeah.
Well. he got mixed up with
some dangerous fucking people.
Look. Angelo wants to even the debt.
But Leo's got to come see us.
you understand?
Yeah. Look. trust me.
if I could get ahold of him.
I would tell him to be here
to work it out with you. Angelo. I would.
He must be scared. I'd be.
You know. I'm just worried
that he's being bullied
by those cock-sucking cops.
even worse. the feds.
If it's the feds. it can be tricky.
if you don't know who you're dealing with.
Have you heard if he's
been talking to them?
No. No. I haven't heard
anything like that.
Jo
I know.
Look. if there's anything that you
want to say to us. now is the time.
I promise. your uncle won't get mad.
But he can't help unless he knows.
Uh. no.
No. not me.
Um. I don't know.
I'm just worried about him. That's all.
Jo
I'm gonna go get something to eat.
Do I know why you have long hair? No.
Yeah.
I don't know. Maybe hers?
Gd
Before a drive-by shooting took his voice
and almost his life.
Angelo had always thrown
grand parties for the neighborhood.
Fireworks on the fourth of July.
Turkey giveaways at Thanksgiving.
Everyone loved and respected him.
especially gio.
But since the shooting.
Angelo had grown paranoid and isolated.
and the family's influence had waned.
leaving a power vacuum in its wake...
Leaving blood in the water.
Bootsy. How many of those
male strippers' cocks
do you think are in your wife's mouth
right now at that bachelorette party?
How many cocks do you think
she's sucking right now?
Hey. give me-give me that.
There you go. Eat that.
Yeah. get another ball in your mouth.
just like your fucking big wife.
All: Oh!
I gave you a beating in the backyard.
I'm gonna give you another fucking beating.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Look. look. I love you.
- You're jealous.
- I love you.
You're jealous.
You had too much to drink.
I'm sorry.
I fucking love you. You know that.
- I'm only joking.
- I know you are.
All right. Okay.
All right. Settle down. Settle down.
Settle down.
Thanks. Angelo.
I want to say a few words.
Ten years ago today...
We lost one of our brothers. gio's father.
The husband to Angelo's
younger sister Sofia.
A good man. An honest man. A family man.
Tonight we bury our hearts.
and we break bread
to celebrate in his memory.
I remember when me and Angelo
were just your age.
Life back then was a little more
black and white. so to speak.
No computers. None of this cell phone shit.
Our heads were up. Our eyes were open.
And like glue. we stuck together.
- Ain't that the truth?
- I guess what I'm trying to say
is family wasn't optional.
Loyalty...
Loyalty was essential.
We didn't have a choice
but to lean on each other.
Family wasn't something we just
leaned on when we needed it.
Our blood is the glue.
It runs through every one
of us at this table.
Through our veins. Connected.
But blood needs to be spilled
in order for you to see it working.
And in the case...
Of gio's father.
sometimes we're brought
together through tragedy.
Jo
You know. sometimes I talk too much.
You got something to say?
I mean. you're family. You're blood.
Jo
Yeah. um...
Family is loyalty.
My ma. she's the one that taught me that...
From day one.
But. uh...
She also taught me that sometimes
to be a real man.
you got to stand on your own two feet.
Jo
Not lean on anything. just like my pops.
So...
I really appreciate the
night. but it's getting late.
So I do got to go check on...
Thank you. Angelo.
Relax..
Yeah. Yeah. the cake.
The cake. - The cake.
Here we are. rambling on
about our family tradition.
and we're all about to blow
a ten-year family tradition.
your mother's famous cake.
Everybody's gonna get a piece.
No exceptions.
Joey. get a knife.
Jo
Hey. This is some cake here.
Thanks. uncle ang.
Jo
I'm actually allergic to chocolate.
I can't eat that.
Jo
Okay. Everybody. eat. Eat.
Come on. It's past gio's bedtime.
All right. Finally.
This frosting looks all fucked up.
What'd you do? Kick it around?
- Mmm. good.
- That's a good cake.
Bootsy. watch your fingers.
A delicious cake. gio.
Thank you for that.
You know what. uncle Angelo?
I can... I'll just stop by tomorrow
and get the present. you know?
Just a second. He'll be right out.
Don't want to spoil the surprise.
Jo
Mmm.
Hey. ang!
- What the hell was that?
- I don't know.
Need a hand in there?
Somebody call an ambulance?
- Angelo!
- Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Move. Move. Move.
What the fuck is going on?
Angelo!
Angelo! Angelo! Angelo!
I need an ambulance!
Get the fuck out of my way.
Where's the fucking ambulance?
What's the address here?
Angelo. what? What?
- Sofia.
- Sofia?
Why is he saying "Sofia"?
What did you do?
You motherfuck...
Vito!
Jo
Gio. What did you do?
Carmine. It's Ricardo.
I keep calling Angelo.
but he ain't picking up.
They found our little friend.
Shut the fuck up.
Hello. carmine.
Jo
Fuck you.
Touch my robe.
Jo
What have I been telling you.
Leo. all your fucking life?
Keep your fucking mouth shut!
You disappear on me. and now I find
out you're talking to the feds?
The fucking feds?
Jesus!
Oh!
Christ!
Jo
Fucking kicker of it all...
Is the one person
who was trying to protect you
is dead 'cause of you.
'Cause of you. gio is dead.
Jo
Don't fucking move.
I said don't move.
I heard you. gio. I heard you.
Just relax. - Leo. you okay?
You said you wasn't a kid anymore.
Earlier. at your uncle Angelo's...
That's what you said to me. right?
Sometimes...
Jo
Us grown-ups need to do things that...
Well. they're hard. and they're confusing.
You don't want to hurt anyone.
Just... just give me the gun.
Just give me the gun.
and we'll talk. like adults.
No one loves your cousin more than me.
But he's a rat. gio.
Why do you think he's hiding
here at this whore's house?
Huh? I know you're smarter than that.
Jeopardize the entire family.
No.
Jo
Leo.
Just hand me the gun. I'll take you home.
I'll take you home.
Jo
Where the fuck is that gun?
I got to give it to you.
You put up a better fight
than your old man did.
Jo
Leo. Leo. Leo. Hey. hey.
You okay? Hey. Hey.
Where are you hurt?
- Gio. Gio.
- Hey. Shh.
Leo!
Shh. Shh. Shh. Be quiet.
Be quiet. Be quiet. Be quiet.
Leo. Shut up. Leo. Shh. Stop. Stop.
Leo. you're gonna puke.
and you'll fucking die.
Leo. don't fucking die. Leo. Leo.
Leo. don't fucking die! Leo!
Leo! -
no. Leo.
Jo
Somebody help me!
Leo! Fuck!
Jo
At Sofia's request.
I read this verse for gio
at his father's funeral.
"When you pass through the waters.
"I will be with you.
"And when you pass through the rivers.
they will not sweep over you.
"When you walk through the fire.
you will not be burned.
The flames will not set you ablaze."
"Others were given in exchange for you.
"I traded their lives for yours.
because you are precious to me."
Jo
For ten years.
gio carried that cake for his father
while his mother waited
for him to become a man.
Gio! Gio! It's me!
Gio. Gio. It's okay.
My son. My child. Are you hurt?
Father.
My son.
Father. everybody's dead.
Leo. he's dead.
Oh. my boy. My boy.
It's okay. It's okay to cry.
It's okay. my son.
My son. you must listen to me.
Listen. Listen.
I knew you were coming.
I've been waiting for you.
I've been praying.
What are you talking about?
I know what's happened.
Trust me.
Thank you. gio.
- What?
- Thank you for painting.
Thank you for all the painting
you've done in the church all night long.
Why are you
covering for me. father?
That's my burden to bear.
It's time.
It's time for you to learn the truth.
The truth?
What's the truth. father?
My boy.
Jo
My boy. It's okay.
You're safe now.
Jo
Let me see you.
Ma. the cake.
Shh.
No. gio.
Jo
Thank you. father. for my boy.
I think we should go. now. Please.
Okay. you ready? Come on.
- Please.
- Come on.
W-wait.
Wait... - Gio.
Jo
Happy birthday. pop.